oh it's about to start ready ready
popcorn but nachos she prepare with red
licorice raw it's time we made a new
movie good idea Scoob but first we need
a trailer oh can you do the trailers eye
voice let me give it a shot in the world
destroyed by evil discover the epic
origin story the greatest team of heroes
of mystery nailed it
[Music]
hi-yah this mangy stray is coming with
me he's not a stray
okay then what's his name his name's you
Scooby middle name doobie last name do
[Laughter]
would always be without you guys realize
that's love in the dark never take it
off maybe don't do that again I'm Fred
this is Velma hi and that's Daphne hey
I'm Shaggy and this is scooby-doo nice
to meet you
yeah
No
whoa whoa whoa Shaggy and Scooby were
taken do you realize where we are no
look a real man the clean modernist
thing the cool blue color palette
we're in Mikey did you say IKEA nope
I said Falcon carry just like you oh
maybe this can lead us to Scooby and
Shaggy trace amounts of moustache oil
twelve-year-old scotch
it's the bad guy my dad
[Music]
you